✨ (go/v4-alpha) new alpha plugin using kustomize v4 (add support for Apple Silicon) (#2785)
kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder: docs/book/src/plugins/go-v4-plugin.md

# go/v4-alpha (go.kubebuilder.io/v4-alpha)

Kubebuilder tool will scaffold the go/v4-alpha plugin only if ask for it when you create the project. 
This plugin is a composition of the plugins ` kustomize.common.kubebuilder.io/v2-alpha` and `base.go.kubebuilder.io/v3`. 

> By using it you can scaffold a project which is a helper to construct sets of [controllers][controller-runtime]. 

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
It scaffolds a project template that helps in constructing sets of [controllers][controller-runtime]. 
```

> It basically scaffolds all the boilerplate code required to create and design controllers. 

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
It scaffolds boilerplate code to create and design controllers. 
```

Note that by following the [quickstart][quickstart] you will be using this plugin.
<aside class="note">

<h1>Examples</h1>

You can check samples using this plugin by looking at the `project-v4-<options>` projects 
under the [testdata][testdata] directory on the root directory of the Kubebuilder project.

</aside>

## When to use it ?

- If you are looking to scaffold Golang projects to develop projects using [controllers][controller-runtime]

> - If you are looking to experiment the future default scaffold that will be provided by Kubebuilder CLI

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
- If you are looking to experiment with the future default scaffold that will be provided by Kubebuilder CLI
```
